# Exeter Web Application
## Executive Summary
  Social Media is a staple of modern connectivity and communication. With this web application, students will be able to create a profile, connect with other like-minded students, post ideas and search for others, and discuss working together on projects with creative rooms.
## Business Objectives
  This application will bring students together to create projects based on their similar interests and enable them to develop new and improved features through the ease of communicating in public or private rooms. The creation of a profile to showcase projects, interests, and basic personal information will greatly affect what the user sees on their app client. Lastly, ideas can be easily seen with the help of a posting system, as well as friending and search systems to help curate content for users based on their friends and interests.
## Background
  This project has been initiated to create a simple way to connect students and provide them with the tools they need to collaborate and create projects of their own with ease.
## Scope
  Features of the Exeter Web Application include a login or sign-up screen for controlled access, a profile page to list basic personal information, interests, and projects, as well as a rooms system to house conversations of various topics. Furthermore, a friend system to add students with similar interests, a wall of posts to share and read others ideas, and a search function to find specific rooms and posts.
## Functional Requirements
  There are five main attributes of this project. First, a login screen with inputs for username and password, a sign-up button to allow users to create a new profile based on the values of the inputs, and a login button to authorize users with profiles created. Second, a profile page displaying information such as name, date of birth, and location, as well as a picture, biography, and a list of interests that the user can edit with a click of a button, through the use of forms. Third, on the main page, a side display of conversation rooms based on what interests were provided in profile creation. When a room is clicked, the user should be directed to a chat where they can view the conversation and type their own responses. A follow button will allow the user to stay connected with a room. Fourth, if a user clicks on another students username, a popup will appear with their name and a few of their interests. A button will also be present to send a friend request to that user. On the main page, there will be a list to the side displaying friends, pending friend requests, and requests sent to the user. Fifth, centered on the main page, a wall of posts from students the user has friended and/or share similar interests, the ability to create a post, and the ability to comment on other posts.
## Personnel Requirements
  The composition of the team is three groups of two for a total of six personnel. Each group will be developing a feature of the app to spread out the workload. Group one, consisting of John and Jane, will develop the login screen and design the entire app. Group two, consisting of Bill and Bob, will develop the profile page, the conversation rooms column on the main page, and the search bar to let users find similar interests. Group three, consisting of Dan and Dave, will develop the wall of posts and friends lists that resides on the main page.
## Delivery Schedule
  The delivery schedule will be based upon completion of major features. Milestone one will be the completion of the login screen. The demonstration will ensure logging in and creating a new profile will work as intended. Milestone two will be the completion of the profile page. Demonstration of the profile page will include setting a profile picture and editing forms to display the user's information and interests. Milestone three will be completion of the conversation rooms column. The column will list rooms of various interests to the user and, upon being clicked, shall direct the user to the room where a chat log of previous conversations can be viewed and the ability to type out a response will be present. Milestone four will be the  completion of the friend system. The demonstration will consist of the user clicking on another user, which in turn will display a small pop-up window above their name with basic information and similar interests. The pop-up will also house a button for sending a friend request where the other user can accept or deny. Milestone five will be the completion of the wall of posts and the friends' list column. The wall of posts will be tailored to the users depending on their friends lists and the interests they've provided in their profile page. The friends list will display users who are currently online in the web app as well as ones who are offline. Milestone six will be the completion of the app design and the app itself. The app will have a colorful design that is consistent throughout its entirety and functionality between the various features will work as intended.
## Other Requirements
  Browser support for Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge, and Safari is required.
## Assumptions
  The design of the application will be reliant on the Bootstrap framework. A MongoDB database will be required to save all data.
## Limitations
  The application must be completed within a three month period and personnel is limited to six individuals. 
## Risks
  Inherent risks include sick/injured personnel, family emergencies, national holidays, failure of computers or computer hardware, failure to maintain code source control, and insufficient knowledge of various coding languages. All of which may cause a delay on certain features or even failure to complete the project in the time allotted. 
  
  *v0.9*
